the resource and one it has the black
aluminum dial the particularity is that
it has no hands it's all disks moving
around each other just to get you
through the system this big hand gives
you an indication for the minutes it's
at 35 it's pointing thirty five minutes
past twelve o'clock the hand is
representing twelve one two three
o'clock this is a small seconds hand and
this is a p.m. a.m. indication I'll do
I'll change time now to do setting the
time
which moves like this here is a quarter
to one down to 1 here it is 1 o'clock
for the first one at best one
it's 1:35 one hour later than we started
this is the little system to set time
watch is automatic so you have this big
rotor with only occasional series number
the brand is not on the front only on
the back type indications in other
details a little bit this is the rotor
shake it a bit
it's a double sapphire glass crystal
with screws on the back this is a first
generation new generation has the glutes
crystal black blossom chassis the watch
has a diameter of 42 millimeters